About: Below is a transcript from a YouTube video entitled 'The Easiest Way to Make NFTs'.
Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kv6VzEHLhKI

-----

All right, this video is going to cover the easiest ways to make NFTts. These are nonfgeable tokens and they're using the simple ledger protocol on the Bitcoin Cash blockchain. So, there's four steps. Step one, create an account at tokentiger.com. Uh I have already created an account here on tokeniger.com. Uh you just need an email and a password to sign up. And uh once you have signed up and you've logged in, you'll be presented with this gallery page of recently created tokens. And you can click up here where it says zero credits. This is step two, get free credit. Um there are two ways. Uh you can click here to get email verified or click here to get telegram verified. Uh, so we have a Telegram bot that you can verify with. I already did the email verification. And now I can click this and get my free credit. There we go. So, I've got my free credit. And now I can go here to create in the header. And I have this um chicken dinosaur that I created with AI art. I like to use nightcafe.studio. So, I have I have this image and I'm going to tokenize this image. Uh, dinosaur chicken. So, right now I am tokenizing an image, but this also works with a zip file or a PDF file. Uh, in this case, because I'm using an image, it autocreated the token icon, uh, which is just a a smaller version of the image. Um, I can click here if I want to upload a different token icon for my payload. Uh, here this toggle is make NFT payload public. So, it right now it's private. If someone I give this token to or sell this token to brings it back to token tiger, they can use it to get a copy of this image. They can burn the token in exchange for the download. This is a really common use case when people want to sell digital downloads. Um I'm going to go ahead and make it public. Uh so what I just described was it being private. Now I'm going to make it public. So now this image itself will be put on IPFS. Uh it'll be publicly accessible. Um so this is more the use case if you want have art that work that you want to display and share uh with someone. So, I'm going to name this uh dinosaur chicken. And I'll leave the URL for token tiger for now. Um, this is AI generated art. Um, it's not explicit or sensitive content. Uh, and yeah, it's okay to display it on the public gallery. So, I'm going to hit create. And this will just take a couple minutes while it generates the token. So after a couple minutes, uh, your token will be created. You can click here and see the token on the blockchain in the in a block explorer. Uh, but I'm going to go ahead and navigate to my collections and it's here under my Chris's collections and the image is currently being pinned. Um, but the image will show up here. I'll just wait a couple minutes for that. Okay. So, after a little bit, the token shows up here in the wallet. So, we have successfully created this token. Uh, and now that it's in our collection, we can interact with it using these icons at the bottom. And I'll cover these in future videos.
